New pages (#238)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/getChannelVar.md

# $getChannelVar
Returns the value of the provided channel variable.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```

> $getChannelVar[Name;(Channel ID)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$getChannelVar[Variable Name;(Channel ID)]
```

> $getChannelVar[variableName;(optional) channelID]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$getChannelVar[Name;(Channel ID)]
```

> $getChannelVar[variableName;(optional) channelID]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$getChannelVar[Variable Name;(Channel ID)]
```

```

> ### Breakdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Parameters
```

> - `Name`: The name of the variable to get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Variable Name`: The name of the variable to get.
```

> - `variableName` - The name of the variable to get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Name`: The name of the variable to get.
```

> - `Channel ID`: The channel to get the value for. If no channel ID is provided, then the current channel is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Channel ID`: The channel to get the value for. If no Channel ID is present, then the current channel will be used.
```

> - `channelID` - The channel to get the value for. If no channelID is inputted, then the current channel is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Channel ID`: The channel to get the value for. If no channel ID is provided, then the current channel is used.
```

> ### Breakdown
> - `variableName` - The name of the variable to get.
> - `channelID` - The channel to get the value for. If no channelID is inputted, then the current channel is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Parameters
- `Variable Name`: The name of the variable to get.
- `Channel ID`: The channel to get the value for. If no Channel ID is present, then the current channel will be used.
```
